feat: Generic schema of a document (#71)
cozy/cozy-doctypes: docs/README.md

- [Bets Unibet](com.unibet.bets): Bets from Unibet website

## Generic model

### Relationships

Relations between documents are under a `relationships` object at the root of the document. Relations are referenced by their names.

> Each relation is an object with a `data` property containing `null`, one reference or an array of references.

Reviewer: Nitpick, but without `either` you'd think it contains `null` AND `one reference` because you haven't read the `or` word yet.

```suggestion
Each relation is an object with a `data` property containing either `null`, one reference or an array of references.
```

A reference is an object containing at least a `_type` with the name of the referenced doctype and an `_id` with the id of the referenced document inside its doctype.

```json

{
  "_id": "mobydick",
  "relationships": {
    "authors": {
      "data": [
        { "_id": "hermanmelville", "_type": "io.cozy.contacts" }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

### Document metadata

> We distinguish three levels : the data (a list of songs from a playlist), the metadata about the data (the creation date of the playlist itself), the metadata of the cozy document (the creation date of the cozy document describing the playlist).

Reviewer 2: Using a list would make it clearer IMHO.

Reviewer 2: three levels of what ?

Since we are in the metadata section, I would put 

We distinguish 2 levels of metadata: 

* metadata about the data (the creation date of the playlist itself)
* metadata of the cozy document (the creation date of the cozy document describing the playlist).

Author: 1- data , 2- metadata , 3- cozy metadata

> The third level (metadata of the wrapping document) is describe by an object named `cozyMetadata` at the root of the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The third level (metadata of the wrapping document) is described by an object named `cozyMetadata` at the root of the document.
```

> The following keys have a standard meaning: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following keys are reserved and have special meanings: 
```

- `doctypeVersion`: Name or identifier for the version of the schema used by this document (ie: `doctypeVersion: 2` for "This document conforms to io.cozy.contacts in it's version 2")
- `createdAt`: Creation date of the cozy document

> - `createdByApp`: Slug of the app or connector which did create the document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `createdByApp`: Slug of the app or connector which created the document
```

- `createdByAppVersion`: Version identifier of the app 
- `updatedAt`: Last modification date of the cozy document

> - `updatedByApps`: List of applications (slugs) that did modify the cozy document in its life

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `updatedByApps`: List of applications (slugs) which modified the cozy document in its life
```

- `importedAt`: If the document originated from elsewhere, date from when it was first imported

> - `importedFrom`: Where it was imported from (free text)

Reviewer 3: Should this property have anything to do with synchronization metadata ? We worked on a specification a few months ago with @ptbrowne : https://github.com/konnectors/libs/blob/master/packages/cozy-konnector-libs/docs/synchronization.md

Author: Let me look at it, there may be duplicates.
I am however prettry sure we should move your `sync` from `metadata` to `cozyMetadata` 

You probably should also talk with @Crash-- who is trying something to sync contacts

Author: Ok, let me leave that for now and merge as is. We'll enhance later
